you have had a vision now
here is a statue that statue was
grandiose of its splendor was
extraordinary it stood before you and
its appearance was terrible the statue
had the head of pure gold the chest and le
silver arms the belly and thighs
of bronze and its legs were of iron and
his feet were part of iron and part
clay you were looking at when you
he took a stone from the mountain without it
sea intervention hit the statue on the
his feet that were of iron and of
clay and smashed them then yes
they broke in an instant iron clay
bronze silver and gold and became like
pure in the farmyards during the summer the wind
he took them away and is no longer found of them
no sign
you are the head of gold
after you and another kingdom will arise
lower than yours and then a third party
bronze kingdom that will dominate over the whole
land
a fourth kingdom will be as solid as the
iron because iron breaks destroys
everything is like the iron that destroys
it will break and destroy everyone like you
you saw the feet and fingers were in
part of potter 's clay and part of
iron that means it will be a kingdom
composed in him there will be the solidity of the
iron with soft clay if the fingers of
his feet were partly of iron and in
part of clay means a part
of the kingdom will be solid and part will be
fragile to the days of dressing in god of
heaven will give rise to a kingdom that will not be
destroyed forever and its power not
will be given to another people it
will break and destroy all those
kingdoms but it will remain forever